samples: nrf9160: gnss: add TTFF test mode (#6592)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/gnss/README.rst

The event handler function reads the received NMEA strings and puts those into the message queue.
The consumer loop reads from the queue and outputs the strings to the console.

Operation modes
===============

The sample supports different operation modes.
By default, the sample runs in continuous tracking mode.

> Other supported operation modes are periodic and time-to-first-fix (TTFF) test mode.

Author: I'll add a bullet list.

In continuous mode, GNSS tries to acquire a fix once a second.

In periodic mode, fixes are acquired periodically with the set interval.

In TTFF test mode, the sample acquires fixes periodically and calculates the TTFF for each fix.
The TTFF test mode can be used without assistance or with any supported assistance method.
It can also be configured to perform cold starts, where stored data is deleted from GNSS before each start.

> If assistance is enabled with cold starts, new assistance data is also downloaded and injected to GNSS before each start.

Author: Done.

   This configuration option enables periodic fixes instead of continuous tracking.
   Set :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_INTERVAL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_TIMEOUT` to configure the desired fix interval and timeout.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST:

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST - To enable time-to-first-fix (TTFF) test mode
  This configuration enables the TTFF test mode instead of continuous tracking.

>   When TTFF test mode is enabled, :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY` is automatically selected.

Author: Done.

>   Set :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_INTERVAL` to configure the time between fixes.
>   If :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_COLD_START` is enabled, the sample will perform GNSS cold starts instead of hot starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_INTERVAL` option to configure the time between fixes.
  If you have enabled the :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_COLD_START` option, the sample will perform GNSS cold starts instead of hot starts.
```

Author: Done.

>   When assistance is used, LTE may block GNSS operation and increase the time needed to get a fix.

Author: Done.

>   :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_LTE_ON_DEMAND` can be set to disable LTE after assistance data has been downloaded, so that GNSS can run without interruptions.

Author: Done.

   This configuration option enables periodic fixes instead of continuous tracking.
   Set :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_INTERVAL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_TIMEOUT` to configure the desired fix interval and timeout.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST:

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST - To enable time-to-first-fix (TTFF) test mode
  This configuration enables the TTFF test mode instead of continuous tracking.

>   When TTFF test mode is enabled, the :ref:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY` option is automatically selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When TTFF test mode is enabled, the :ref:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY <CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY>` option is automatically selected.
```
Näin luultavasti toimii.

2. Open a terminal emulator.
#. Test the sample by performing the following steps:

>    If NMEA-only mode is not enabled:

Reviewer 2: Somehow it would seem more intuitive to first introduce how the NMEA-only mode works rather than explaining how the thing works when NMEA-only mode is not enabled.

Reviewer: I was wondering the same, but let it through. I fully agree with Tuomas. Start with the positive.

Author: The reason why I changed this was to avoid confusion with the operation modes. In the beginning there weren't different operation modes and the "NMEA-only" was the only "mode" in the sample, so "default mode" couldn't be confused with anything else.

I could change the terms so, that there are "operation" and "output" modes, then the text here could say "the default output mode". How does that sound, @hiltunent and @peknis?

Author: I have updated the documentation.
